# SQL-Database-Project
##SQL database created for made up restaurant.
The Sanders’ Sandwiches restaurant is having a hard time keeping track of the tips and services being provided between the delivery drivers and the waitresses.  The tips are not being divided fairly based on the number of tables the waitresses have tended to and the number of deliveries each delivery driver has made. 
 In order to make sorting the tips easier and fairer, this database includes the customer entity to keep track of the table number and the address of the customer for delivery purposes. The database also aims to also keep track of the tips given to the delivery drivers by the customers (see “Business Rules” Appendix). The Customers entity holds the unique identifier of tableNo for waitresses to be able to uniquely identify the customer. The entity also holds the customers address broken into Address, City, State, and Zip for use by the delivery driver. The table relations state that any one customer can have one or many orders. 
The Order entity holds the unique identifier OrderNo to identify a customer’s order. This entity also has price, details, tip put on the order, wether or not the order is for dine in or delivery, and the foreign keys of empID and tableNo. This allows for the Customers order to be broken down more specifically as to what the order actually is and what type of employee will be handling the order. 
Both the waitress and delivery drivers are encompassed in the employee entity and have a unique identifier attribute named the empID (see the “Conceptual model” Appendix). This allows the database to present information on a specific employee. The data dictionary (see “Data Dictionary” Appendix) also displays more in-depth information about the entities and their attributes.
The Employee entity holds the unique identifier of empID and is also referenced as a foreign key in the Order entity. The Employee entity also holds waitress and delivery attributes to differentiate between which employee handles which orders. The relations for this table state that any one employee can have zero or more orders that they handle.

